rpc: measure blocking queries (#7224)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/telemetry.html.md

>     <td>queries</td>

Reviewer: > This increments when a server sends a (potentially blocking) RPC query.

That's pretty misleading both because of the "inside loop" issue above but also because we increment it at the _start_ of the query not "when the server sends". I think this is copy pasta from the client-side equivalent as it doesn't make much sense at all.

I'd suggest changing this to:

> This increments when a server receives a new blocking RPC request, indicating the _rate of new_ blocking query calls. See `consul.rpc.queries_blocking` for the current number of in-flight blocking RPC calls.

Author: 👍

    <td>counter</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>`consul.rpc.queries_blocking`</td>

>     <td>Shows the current number of blocking active queries.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>This shows the current number of in-flight blocking queries the server is handling.</td>
```
